Initial start of technical documentation (#25)
Particular/NServiceBus.Storage.MongoDB: docs/README.md

## MongoDB Sessions

The Saga and Outbox implementations support MongoDB transactions, which also requires support for MongoDB sessions. This limits the use of this package to MongoDB server 3.6 or greater.

## Initialization

A default `MongoClient`, which by default targets `mongodb://localhost:27017/`, will be used unless a `IMongoClient` is provided by the user.

## Sagas

### Collection Naming

> By default collections will be named after the saga data type `Name` property in lower case. To support the `NServiceBus.MongoDB` project, which uses the unaltered saga data types `Name` property, the collection naming convention can be overridden.

Reviewer: Is it worth providing a sample here? Something like:

> For example: a saga class named `SampleSaga` will result in a MongoDB collection named `samplesaga`.

### Version Element

MongoDB does not provide concurrency control. An incrementing integer, combined with filters during document updates, is used to implement a concurrency control system. 

MongoDB stores documents in the BSON format. The version is stored as a BSON element that is added and updated on the objects BSON serialized document before operations are sent to the server.

By default the version element name is `_version`.

> When a saga data is retrieved, the version element's current value is recorded in the synchronized storage session. When the saga data is later updated the element value is incremented by one, and a filter is used to perform the update which matches the original version value. If the document is not found and no update operation has occurred the project will throw an exception indicated concurrency control has been triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a saga data is retrieved, the version element's current value is recorded in the synchronized storage session. When the saga data is later updated the element value is incremented by one, and a filter is used to perform the update which matches the original version value. If the document is not found and no update operation has occurred the persister will throw an exception indicating concurrency control has been triggered.
```

## MongoDB Sessions

> The Saga and Outbox implementations support MongoDB transactions, which also requires support for MongoDB sessions. This limits the use of this package to MongoDB server 3.6 or greater.

Reviewer 2: when transactions are enabled, you need MongoDB 4. Only if you disable transactions you can fall down to 3.6 due to the need for storage sessions. I think that's not very clear from this sentence.

Author: I updated the PR. Adding a section for transactions _before_ this section and rewording this section. Please let me know if this provides enough clarity.

## Initialization

A default `MongoClient`, which by default targets `mongodb://localhost:27017/`, will be used unless a `IMongoClient` is provided by the user.

## Sagas

### Collection Naming

By default collections will be named after the saga data type `Name` property in lower case. To support the `NServiceBus.MongoDB` project, which uses the unaltered saga data types `Name` property, the collection naming convention can be overridden.

For example: a saga class named `SampleSaga` will result in a MongoDB collection named `samplesaga`.

### Version Element

> MongoDB does not provide concurrency control. An incrementing integer, combined with filters during document updates, is used to implement a concurrency control system. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MongoDB does not provide built-in concurrency control. An incrementing integer version number, combined with filters during document updates, is used to implement a concurrency control system. 
```

MongoDB stores documents in the BSON format. The version is stored as a BSON element that is added and updated on the objects BSON serialized document before operations are sent to the server.

By default the version element name is `_version`.

> When a saga data is retrieved, the version element's current value is recorded in the synchronized storage session. When the saga data is later updated the element value is incremented by one, and a filter is used to perform the update which matches the original version value. If the document is not found and no update operation has occurred the persister will throw an exception indicating concurrency control has been triggered.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be better to be clear what we mean by the synchronized storage session as this could also be something coming from MongoDB.

```suggestion
When a saga data is retrieved, the version element's current value is recorded in the `SynchronizedStorageSession`. When the saga data is later updated the element value is incremented by one, and a filter is used to perform the update which matches the original version value. If the document is not found and no update operation has occurred the persister will throw an exception indicating concurrency control has been triggered.
```

## Outbox

### Cleanup

> Outbox cleanup is performed using a [time to live index](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/core/index-ttl/). The index is created, or in the case of a changed TTL value recreated, on startup.

Author: Perhaps not here since the target audience is developers working on this code, but in the main doco it would be helpful.
